Thank you very much, everyone. Thank you for coming. Good morning, everyone, we are participating.
Thank you.
Right now, it's the continuing of this, and I'm glad we're going to be completing these teachings.
This and the end, of course, we will reactivate a little bit more, but today, we're going to be
completing this.
Our wonderful, beautiful hermitage retreat and attaching to the call of the teaching
of the seemed teacher of the Buddha Chaturmani, of Gaurav Dorni, Mangekari Mehtara,
Mangekari Samhara, and Gaurabhema Samhava, and all the lineage masters.
Here, a treasure we're really touching today, and we went through those, according to our best
capabilities,
with a joy and a devotion, love and a respect, and truly to preserve the teachings of these special
teachings,
not just the kind of affectionate and kind of like casually talking this, really truly like to
observe to the heart and the mind.
We spent one month, almost one month, meditating and practicing, morning, we practiced,
let it teach, all we do is practice, apranam, we practice. And this is what Buddha teachings say,
generally they are true.
Upholding the lineage teaching of the standing and contemplating, that is our standing.
Learning, in a way, I'm teaching, talking that, I'm teaching, I'm not really qualified, great
masters,
but yet, I received some teachings, and also I honor, really, honor is not just kind of like
talking that,
just really deep down in the heart, I honor the lineage teachings, even though I don't have the
realizations, but I honor that.
And so, I talk, and you listen, and contemplate, and studying that.
And then second, in the teaching, Buddha said, uphold the teaching by practicing, practicing, and
get some realization.
This teaching in the tongue is hovering on the brain's intellectual.
Receive that teaching, receive this teaching, receive this and that, and we have many listeners,
but how much really we observe?
And also now, many of us in the mid-lives, I just say politely, I'm saying that, because we all
know,
I'm not going to explore the full moon of truth, so therefore, we end up with myths, and how many
times we have.
Really, it's a perfect time, beautiful time, perfect situations, and a perfect kind of environment
that we should practice.
We really practice so important, teachings. It is either teaching, but practice is so important,
that makes the difference, difference.
And so therefore, we practice. You practice it more than me, in a way.
In the morning, you practice meditating. I'm really thankful. That's so wonderful. That's what we
need.
In the afternoon, I come, too. And three days, I miss, but otherwise, I came and we practice. We
toy with it.
We're in one boat. We're the sangha members, not something high in the lower, or this and that
things.
And maybe you have more realization than me, but extended, I'm acting as a teacher, but yet, I
really don't feel that I have higher realization than you.
And I need practice, too. I come after no one in practice. So we're in one boat.
So we toy with it and cross the ribbon of the dualities. That's what really we're doing, right?
And it's just really wonderful. That is what we have to honor and observe, so we make some
difference in the heart and the mind, not just on the list, that I did these, that, that things.
Really, something change. That's what the great master, I mean, all the master said, "Hissam dunyur
um," you say, too.
Practice means something that you observe, that you feel, that we're confident, particularly when
we leave.
I'm not threatening, but we will leave. We'll leave. At that time, we leave something a little more
joyfully, that are comfortable, that some bring you some confidence and destination.
That is the result of the practice, something to be fulfilling our practices. If we leave with the
sad and suffering, disappointment, and deep praise, that is then the goal of the person.
It's not different. Same other beings, mostly people do, we're frightened and scared and all, just
assembling it, then he, that's everybody does, unless something happens suddenly.
That's the normal. Practice means something with confidence. If we leave, that's what remains, by
the practice, not just by the list of these and that things, or intellectual, all these things.
See, that is according to teaching, you see that. So we did practice, I'm very so thankful and
grateful, all of you, really, all together, we did this.
And then all the women, support and help, can take in cooking and facility. I'm just really so kind
. And all of that great master, master of all, Malareva said, one who practice on the mountain, and
one who is supported practice, they have the aspect of the connection, they will get enlightened,
they all get enlightened.
So one who is supporting, making element, cooking and organizing, these other things, and one who
is practicing, and we all target the practice, really.
This is what the teaching says. So, therefore, we all this practice, and now I'm going to go over
these teachings.
Treatings on this, again, is--